DUEL...
AH...
CLOSE!
COME ON, FELLAS!
JUST A FEW MORE INCHES!
Syrus: INCHES WON'T
HELP YOU. DUEL ME.
IT'S SYRUS!
WAIT. DON'T GO OUT THERE!
HE'S NOT SYRUS ANYMORE.
HE'S STILL
ONE OF THEM!
I'M SORRY, SY.
Hassleberry: COME ON, NOW.
WE GOTTA SECURE THIS DOOR!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
COME ON, GUYS.
STACK IT HIGH!
THERE! THAT SHOULD DO
THE TRICK.
LET'S SEE THEM GET THROUGH
THAT! ALEXIS, SEE ANYTHING?
YEAH. SAND,
SUN, AND CHAZZ
LOOKING GHOULISH!
Chazz: DUEL ME.
Jim: COME ON, NOW.
PUT YOUR BACK INTO IT!
LISTEN UP.
THIS IS IMPORTANT!
HAMMER THOSE NAILS IN DEEP!
THESE BARRICADES ARE
OUR LAST LINE OF DEFENSE!
THEY NEED TO BE STRONG ENOUGH
TO KEEP THOSE DUEL GHOULS OUT!
Axel, thinking:
A RESPONSIBLE
DUELIST
ALWAYS KEEPS
A WELL-OILED MACHINE!
TALK ABOUT
A DUAL PURPOSE DUEL DISK!
YOU'RE PACKING SOME
SERIOUS FIREPOWER!
I GUESS YOU'RE NOT PLANNING
ON TAKING ANY CHANCES.
YOU GOTTA BE READY
FOR ANYTHING.
BLUE BERETS,
IT'S TIME TO PUT ALL
YOU'VE LEARNED INTO ACTION.
WE'VE ALL STUDIED HARD,
AND NOW WE HAVE
THE CHANCE TO
PROVE OURSELVES.
DUEL DISKS READY.
LET'S MOVE OUT!
LEFT, LEFT,
LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT.
Adrian, thinking:
FOOLS. THEY HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT THEY'RE UP AGAINST.
IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF
TIME BEFORE IT TAKES OVER
THE ENTIRE SCHOOL.
AND WHATEVER IT'S PLANNING,
IT SEEMS TO BE WORKING.
AND AS LONG AS I
CONTINUE TO SERVE IT,
I JUST MAY END UP MORE POWERFUL
THAN I EVER IMAGINED!
Jaden: NOW,
JUST RELAX, BLAIR.
YOU'RE DOING GREAT!
RISE AND SHINE, SLEEPYHEAD!
YOU'RE LOOKING
A WHOLE LOT BETTER!
YEAH! THAT MEDICINE
SURE DID THE TRICK!
BLAIR?
THESE ARE
ALL THE STUDENTS!
THE REST
HAVE BEEN TURNED
INTO DUEL GHOULS.
THOSE POOR,
POOR CHILDREN.
qWHAT EVER CAN WE
DO, BONAPARTE?
WE'RE ALMOST
OUT OF FOOD.
AND WITH NO WAY
BACK HOME,
THIS MAY BE THE END
FOR ALL OF US.
Bonaparte, thinking:
AND WHAT OF POOR MARCEL?
JADEN, THIS IS ALL MY FAULT.
I'M SO SORRY.
HOLD ON
A SECOND!
YOU CAN'T REALLY
MEAN THAT.
I MEAN, YOU
DIDN'T SCRATCH
YOUR ARM
OR START TURNING
ALL THE STUDENTS
INTO A BUNCH
OF DUEL GHOULS,
DID YOU?
[BLAIR GIGGLING]
WHO'S TICKLING ME?
RUBY?
RUBY!
WINGED KURIBOH.
SPIRITS.
PERFECT. SOON MY ARMY
WILL BE FULLY ASSEMBLED.
AND MY PLAN CAN MOVE FORWARD.
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
JADEN, LITTLE DO YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE GOING TO HELP!
DINNER!
COME AND GET IT!
ALL RIGHT!
I'M STARVING!
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
WHAT DOROTHY COOKED UP!
FOOD?
Dorothy: COME AND GET IT!
I'M SO HUNGRY.
ABOUT TIME.
ME FIRST.
NO. ME.
[ALL TALKING EXCITEDLY]
GIMME!
NOW, EVERYONE,
CALM DOWN.
AND TAKE YOUR
FAIR SHARE.
SHARE OF WHAT?
BARBECUED BRICK?
I'M SORRY, BUT IT'S
THE BEST I COULD DO!
THOSE DUEL GHOULS
TOOK OVER THE FOOD
STORAGE FACILITY.
IF YOU DON'T WANT
ANY OF THIS, WE CAN
ALWAYS TRY AND CATCH
RATS IN THE BASEMENT.
NOT ALL AT ONCE!
EVERYONE FORM A LINE!
CHECK IT OUT.
IT'S GOT RHYTHM!
LOOKS LIKE ONE OF SY'S
SCIENCE PROJECTS.
SMELLS GOOD!
AND LOOKS DELICIOUS!
I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE
NOT SCARED OF IT.
GOOD LUCK!
IT'S AMAZING!
KIND OF LIKE
OLD FUDGE!
IT'S GREAT!
I JUST WISH I HAD
A LITTLE MORE!
YOU KNOW THERE'S
NOT ENOUGH!
WE HAVE TO RATION
IT OUT!
I KNOW. MY BAD.
HEY!
WE'RE STILL HUNGRY!
WE WANT SOMETHING ELSE!
HE'S RIGHT!
I'M AN OBELISK
BLUE, SO I
SHOULD GET MORE.
RA YELLOW, TOO!
[ALL SPEAKING EXCITEDLY]
PLEASE SETTLE DOWN.
THAT'S ALL WE HAVE!
EVERYONE CHILL!
LISTEN UP.
WE'RE ALL IN THIS TOGETHER,
SO START ACTING LIKE IT!
Jesse: THAT'S RIGHT!
SO STOP YOUR BELLYACHING
ALREADY!
AND TAKE YOUR
POMPADOUR AND BACK DOWN!
YOU WANT SOME?!
Axel: HEY!
THAT'S ENOUGH, EVERYONE!
I THINK YOU NEED
TO CALM DOWN.
BUT IF YOU CHOOSE
NOT TO, YOU'LL HAVE
TO ANSWER TO ME!
[HASSLEBERRY GROANS]
WE COULD EAT
ALL WE WANTED
IF WE COULD
JUST GET TO THE FOOD
STORAGE FACILITY!
Jaden: MAYBE
THOSE DUEL GHOULS
DELIVER?
THAT'S JUST
NOT FUNNY!
Jesse, thinking:
THIS SITUATION'S
GETTING BAD!
Obelisk Blue with long hair:
THIS WAY! QUICK,
BEFORE THEY TURN AROUND!
THE FOOD'S ON
THE OTHER SIDE OF THAT!
Ra Yellow: BUT THEY
TOLD US NOT TO LEAVE.
YOU ALWAYS DO WHAT
YOU'RE TOLD?
YA MOMMA'S BOY.
NOW, START CLIMBING!
WHATEVER YOU SAY!
YOU SEE!
IT'S PERFECTLY SAFE!
FOR NOW.
[DUEL GHOUL GROANING]
WHO'S GROANING?
YOUR STOMACH?
HA HA HA! GOOD ONE. WHOA!
YO! WHAT UP?
[BOYS SCREAMING]
Ra Yellow: UH, WE WAS
JUST GOING FOR A WALK.
BAD NIGHT FOR A STROLL.
THIS WAY'S A DEAD END!
STICK AROUND.
SO WE CAN CHEW
THE FAT!
WAIT. LET ME THROUGH.
THEY'RE NOT FOR EATING
BUT FOR DUELING!
[CHAZZ CHUCKLES]
WHAT'S UP?
YOU GUYS HUNGRY?
'CAUSE WE SURE ARE!
[BOYS SCREAMING]
Ojama yellow:
BYE-BYE! HA HA!
Ra Yellow: HEY, GUYS,
CAN YA HELP US OUT?
NO.
Ra Yellow:
WELL, MAYBE
THESE GUYS.
NOPE!
DUEL.
WHAT ABOUT
THEM!
Obelisk Blue
with short hair:
WE'RE TRAPPED!
Obelisk Blue
with long hair:
IN HERE!
Ra Yellow:
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
Obelisk Blue
with short hair:
IT'S A LIBRARY,
YA KNUCKLEHEAD!
HEY, LOOK! SOMEONE'S THERE!
WHO ARE YOU?!
THAT'S MARCEL!
WHAT ARE
YOU DOING HERE?
HE'S EATING...
A HUGE STEAK!
HEY!
YO, KID,
GIVE IT HERE!
FORK OVER THE T-BONE
BEFORE I TAKE IT FROM YOU!
UH, GUESS WE CAN SHARE!
[CHUCKLES]
THAT'S SO GENEROUS.
THANK YOU.
AAH! LET GO!
WHAT DO YA WANT?!
JUST TELL ME,
PLEASE!
WE'LL DO ANYTHING
YOU WANT US TO DO!
ALL I WANT
FROM YOU
IS JUST ONE
SIMPLE FAVOR.
FINE!
Marcel: GOOD!
HERE!
WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR?
GO ON! ENJOY IT!
TAKE A BITE!
AND THEN WE CAN TALK
ABOUT THAT FAVOR!
DIG IN!
[CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
[ALL SNORING]
SO, UH...
THAT, UH,
FAVOR THING YOU WANTED.
CAN WE DISCUSS IT
OVER DESSERT?
YEAH, HOW ABOUT
SOME ICE CREAM?
WITH HOT FUDGE!
SORRY, BOYS.
THERE'LL BE
NO DESSERT!
THE ONLY COURSE
THAT WE'LL BE
SERVING IS REVENGE!
AND YOU GUYS
WILL HELP ME
DISH IT OUT.
DON'T BE FRIGHTENED.
TRUST ME.
I PROMISE YOU WON'T
FEEL A THING.
JUST WALK TO THE LIGHT.
IT'S TIME YOU GOT
INTO COSTUME
AND BECOME MY TOOLS OF
DESTRUCTION.
[CHUCKLING SOFTLY]
[MONSTERS GROWLING]
[BOYS MOANING]
Marcel: WELCOME.
WE HAVE WORK TO DO.
NOW, LET'S GET STARTED.
[MARCEL CHUCKLING SOFTLY]
SEE YOU SOON, JADEN.
HEY, DID ANY OF YOU
SEE WHERE THE GUY WITH
THE POMPADOUR WENT?
Jesse: WELL, I OVERHEARD
HIM AND HIS BUDDIES
TALKING ABOUT FINDING FOOD.
WELL, HOW DID THEY
SNEAK OUT OF HERE?
MY FAULT, AXEL.
THEY GOT THROUGH
A WINDOW IN THE LOO.
I THOUGHT THAT MY TEAM
HAD THIS PLACE
NAILED DOWN TIGHT.
WHAT DO WE DO?!
IT'S TOO RISKY
TO GO OUT LOOKING
FOR THEM.
THEY'LL BE OK.
HOPEFULLY THEY'LL
FIND FOOD AND MARCEL.
[FEEDBACK]
Marcel over radio:
ATTENTION, STUDENTS.
AS YOUR HOST, I'D LIKE
TO WELCOME YOU TO YOUR NEW HOME.
IS THAT...
MARCEL?
Jaden: WHERE'D
YOUR ACCENT GO?
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
WE WANT ANSWERS!
GOT THAT?
Marcel: EVERYTHING WILL BE
MADE CLEAR IN DUE TIME.
IN DUE TIME?
HOW ABOUT RIGHT NOW?
NO JOKE!
MARCEL, WHERE ARE YOU?
WE'RE YOUR FRIENDS,
REMEMBER?
SILENCE!
MARCEL IS NOTHING
BUT A SHELL FOR ME!
I RULE THIS WORLD NOW,
AND I'VE TURNED
YOUR CLASSMATES INTO
MY LOYAL DUEL SOLDIERS.
A SHELL?
WHAT'S HE
TALKING ABOUT?
I HAVE GOT
NO IDEA.
OK.
Marcel: I MUST SAY, IT
IS QUITE AMUSING WATCHING
YOU TRAPPED IN HERE,
FIGHTING THE INEVITABLE.
BUT I'M NOT ALL BAD,
SO I'D LIKE TO PROPOSE
SOMETHING TO YOU.
I DON'T LIKE
THE SOUND OF THAT.
BEFORE JUMPING TO
CONCLUSIONS,
HEAR ME OUT.
I KNOW YOU'RE HUNGRY,
SO I WILL GRANT YOU
SAFE PASSAGE TO AND FROM
THE FOOD STORAGE FACILITY,
AND IN EXCHANGE ALL
YOU NEED DO IS ALLOW
ME TO HAVE ACCESS
TO THE POWER GENERATOR
COMPLEX.
BUT IT DOESN'T WORK.
Jesse:
HOW'S IT LOOK?
Jim: NOT GOOD!
Jaden: IS THERE
ANY WAY TO FIX IT?
MM-MM.
BUT WE COULDN'T
GET IT STARTED.
THERE WAS WAY
TOO MUCH SAND
INSIDE OF IT.
YEAH, WE TRIED
EVERYTHING.
Hassleberry: SHH!
MAYBE HE DOESN'T KNOW!
MAKE THE DEAL!
UH-UH. I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THIS, GUYS.
I DON'T THINK
WE SHOULD AGREE
TO ANYTHING.
THIS COULD BE
SOME KIND OF TRAP!
JIM'S GOT A POINT!
HOW CAN WE TRUST YOU?
NOT EXACTLY LIKE
YOU'VE EARNED IT, MARCEL.
WHAT WITH TAKING US
TO THIS WEIRD
DIMENSION AND ALL!
WHY SHOULD WE PLAY
BY YOUR RULES?
Marcel: THEN LET'S PLAY BY
A DIFFERENT SET OF RULES.
MEANING WHAT?
MEANING WE DUEL!
NOW YOU'RE SPEAKING
MY LANGUAGE!
BUT WHAT IF YA
DON'T WIN?
WE'LL HAVE NO FOOD!
AND THEN
WE'LL NEVER BE
ABLE TO EAT!
COME ON, GUYS. WE'LL WIN!
AFTER ALL, WE CAN'T
AFFORD TO LOSE.
[MARCEL CHUCKLING]
Marcel: GLAD TO HEAR THAT
YOU ACCEPT, JADEN.
I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT.
NOW LET'S STEP OUTSIDE,
WHERE I HAVE SOMETHING
VERY SPECIAL FOR YOU
WAITING ALREADY.
UH-OH.
OH, MAN.
IT'S POMPADOUR
AND HIS TWO BUDDIES.
WHAT'S WITH THE GET-UP?
Marcel: I'LL TELL YOU.
THEY HAVE BECOME
THE ULTIMATE DUELISTS--
A FUSION OF HUMAN
AND DUEL SPIRIT!
FUSION WHAT? WHATEVS!
WELL, AT LEAST WE KNOW
WHAT WE'RE UP AGAINST,
EVEN IF THEY ARE
WEARING MASKS.
POOR BOY.
READY?!
Jesse: WAIT!
YOUR LAST DUEL
WAS TOO INTENSE.
SO JUST SIT
THIS ONE OUT.
BESIDES, YOU NEED
TO SAVE ALL YOUR
STRENGTH FOR MARCEL.
HE'S THE HEAD
HONCHO!
I'LL TAKE THEM OUT!
ALL THREE?!
Jim: NO. SHIRLEY
AND I WILL HELP.
YEAH. AND DON'T FORGET
YOURS TRULY.
COUNT ME IN AS WELL.
Jim: LOOKS LIKE
YOU GOT YOURSELF
A TEAM, JESS.
LET'S GO!
GROOVY MASK,
MATE!
YOU'RE GOING DOWN!
Jaden, thinking:
HOPE THEY'RE READY,
'CAUSE THOSE THREE HAVE GOT
SOME SERIOUS GAME FACE ON!
All: BRING IT ON!
PREPARE TO LOSE!
YOU GO, BUDDY!
Jesse, thinking:
GUESS THIS GUY'S
THE STRONG SILENT TYPE.
HE DIDN'T EVEN
SUMMON A MONSTER
OR LAY A FACEDOWN!
MY MOVE! ALL RIGHT.
I SUMMON
CRYSTAL BEAST
AMBER MAMMOTH.
LOOKS LIKE
A COSTUME PARTY!
I WOULDN'T TRUST
THE LIKES OF
ANYONE IN A MASK,
SO WATCH OUT.
JESS, YOU WANT
SOME PANCAKES?
OH, YEAH!
AMBER MAMMOTH,
I THINK IT'S TIME
THAT YOU GO STOMP SOME UP!
[TRUMPETING]
WAY TO GO!
ALL RIGHT!
Jesse, thinking:
HUH. LOOKS
LIKE THIS GUY'S
ALL MASK
AND NO MIGHT!
[TRUMPETING]
IT'S WEIRD HOW
THIS GUY JUST
LET ME ATTACK
WITHOUT EVEN TRYING
TO PUT UP ANY
KIND OF DEFENSE.
WHAT COULD HIS
GAME PLAN BE?
WELL, I JUST HOPE
THAT NEXT ROUND,
THIS GUY'S ACTIONS
DON'T SPEAK LOUDER
THAN HIS WORDS!
I WONDER WHAT AXEL'S
GONNA BE UP AGAINST.
Jesse:
I END MY TURN!
[CHUCKLING]
YOU LOOK IN
THE MIRROR
OR SOMETHING?
YOU'RE A RIOT!
LET'S SEE WHO'S
LAUGHING AFTER THIS.
I PLAY A FACEDOWN,
THEN SUMMON FOOL CLOWN
IN ATTACK MODE!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
AND WHEN HE'S ON
THE FIELD,
ALL THE CARDS
IN MY HAND GO TO
THE GRAVEYARD! HA HA!
ISN'T THAT
HYSTERICAL?!
HA HA!
WHAT, YOU HEARD
THAT ONE?
HOW ABOUT THIS?
THIS ONE'S A REAL
KNEE-JERKER!
FOOL CLOWN ALSO
ALLOWS ME TO REMOVE
ROUGH EXPLODER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD...
HA HA HA!
WHICH MEANS YOU LOSE
500 POINTS FOR EACH ONE.
AND SINCE I SENT
THREE TO THE GRAVEYARD...
HA HA HA!
YOU LOSE...
HA HA HA! A LOT!
HA HA HA!
DO YA GET IT?
DO YA? DO YA?
HA HA HA HA!
NOW, THAT WAS A GOOD ONE.
TOUGH CROWD.
CAREFUL, NOW!
I DON'T THINK THAT
GUY'S JOKING AROUND!
THIS GUY'S
MATERIAL IS LAME!
Boy: YOU'RE
A HACK, BUDDY!
I KNOW! THIS
GUY STINKS!
I'M IN A BAD MOOD.
SO WATCH OUT!
ALL RIGHTY, THEN.
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU GOT!
IT'S YOUR MOVE, MATE!
DON'T TELL ME WHAT
TO DO, MATE. I'M DRAWING.
I'LL THROW A FACEDOWN
AND SUMMON ANCHOR KNIGHT!
YOU LIKE THAT?!
HE'LL RIP
YOUR HEAD OFF, PAL!
LET HIM TRY.
I SEEN WORSE.
YOU AIN'T SEEN
NOTHING, 'CAUSE FOR EACH
OF THESE DISCARDS,
YOU GET WHACKED
FOR 600 POINTS!
WHAT'S
THE MATTER, JIMBO?
DON'T YOU KNOW THAT
ANGER IS A GIFT?
LUCKY FOR YOU, I'M FEELING
GENEROUS TODAY!
[CHUCKLES]
AH.
Jaden, thinking:
MAN, THESE THREE
SURE DON'T HIDE
HOW THEY'RE FEELING,
EVEN WITH THOSE
MASKS ON.
TALK ABOUT A TRIPLE
PLAY OF EMOTIONS!
COME ON, GUYS! DUEL LIKE
OUR LIVES DEPEND ON IT,
'CAUSE IF WE DON'T WIN
THAT FOOD, THEY JUST MIGHT!
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET ♪
♪ YOUR GAME ON ♪